Changing the Use Intune RBAC option requires GA role (#3084)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/configmgr/cloud-attach/use-intune-rbac.md

To enable Intune to manage user permissions for cloud-attached devices, use the following steps:  

> 1. Open the [Microsoft Endpoint admin center](https://endpoint.microsoft.com) and sign in as a user with the **Global Admin** role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Microsoft Endpoint admin center](https://endpoint.microsoft.com) and sign in as a **global admin**.
```

Reviewer 2: Change is obsolete. I am clarifying it with the specific permission that's needed.

> 1. Open the [Microsoft Endpoint admin center](https://endpoint.microsoft.com) and sign in as a user with the **Global Admin** role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Microsoft Endpoint admin center](https://endpoint.microsoft.com) and sign in as a user that has the **Roles/Update** permission. For more information about the permission, see [custom role permissions in Intune](../../intune/fundamentals/create-custom-role.md).
```
